2021-12-06 First commit. Incremental improvement with a Commuitstruc
2021-12-07 Add to readme. Create readme.md. Improve the joining of elements, and handling of semver tags. Improvements on the MacJournal side. Minor tidy. Start processing the Macjournal export file.
2021-12-08 "Work in progress" Add feature status icons. Add link to the definition of Ibid. Add structopt to dependencies. Better comment about these functions. Doesn't apply on the MacJournal side. More readme fixes. More readme refinements. More readme shenanegans. More readme tweaks. Remove commented code. Split everything into git and MacJournal modules. Test for the semver tag detector. Update the readme.
2021-12-09 Add another aspirational target feature to the readme. Add structop struct, and marshall the vecs from both git and macjournal modules. Cleanup in the macjournal module. Move git module functionality to main.rs. Refactor types and traits. Small reorg of the readme. Start roughing-in a basic config file named .timesheet.
2021-12-10 Don't need these tests. Fix test. New function commasand(), to be used for consolidated enumeration. Playing with structopt. Rename common.rs to utils.rs. Run everything through shared settings now.
2021-12-11 Better default file names. Dedup the git log and macjournal vecs as part of their processing. Implement structopt-toml to give us the ability to use a TOML config file anywhere up the parent folder tree. Improve help text. Introducing the .timesheet config file. Latest cargo.lock. Rename fn commasand to fn ommas_and(). Setting-up the dryrun option. Sort the vec. The config file is now named .timesheetrc and we have a .timesheetrc-sample file.
2021-12-12 Better comments for utils functions, now gradually moving to RustDoc compliance.
2021-12-13 Invoke commas_and() for semver commits.
2021-12-14 Add a test for semver commit processing. Better modularization for the semver consolidation test. Decent start on issue commit consolidation. Implement the parsing of issue commits. New trait on Commit: Isissueprefix. Optimize the semver regex definition so we don't build it with each function call. Remove test that doesn't belong here. Simplify naming to, simply, 'issue'.
2021-12-15 Better handling for dropping 'Ibid.' commits. Ensure the very last day iterated ends-up in datevecs. More readme elaboration. Only drop 'Ibid.' commits if the line starts with 'Ibid.'. Provide a coherent example, and update the peadme. This functionality does not apply. Update readme and demo input and output. Update readme. Update the readme.
